remove legacy examples (#816)
Worklytics/psoxy: CHANGELOG.md

## Next

## [0.5.0](https://github.com/Worklytics/psoxy/release/tag/v0.5.0)

BREAKING:
  - min `azuread` provider is generally 2.44; if you're using an older version, you'll need to
    upgrade (`terraform init --upgrade`)
  - `azuread-local-cert` module variables have changed; you must now pass `application_id` instead

>     of `application_object_id`; these refer to different values you can obtain via the Entra ID web

Reviewer: Using the external site instead of the blade from Azure
```suggestion
    of `application_object_id`; these refer to different values you can obtain via the [Microsoft Entra admin center](https://entra.microsoft.com/#home)
```

>     portal (formally Azure AD portal)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    portal (formally Azure AD portal blade)
```
